Subtitle by Đam Mê Việt - D2M Subteam
Where are you from that you come here for the violence suddenly?
You owe the money without giving back and you can still shout it out>
I will pay all the left part after acting
I will do what I say
A golden period of Cai Luong stage
You are too brave not like your appearance
They are the people who make the event first
But what's exciting of hitting together?
We need to do that, therefore they won't slight our troupe
Hello boy...
What a truly cold cinema?
The chairs are small, too.
If I had known about this, I would have bought a couple chair.
Hey, if you want, buy it yourself
Having money for watch but not for eating?
This' mine
But... This is your dating?
Dating with the loneliness!
Leave me alone.
I date with the air, ok?
Honey, wanna eat?
No? So I will eat
Episode 6: The vibration
Come in, Dung... Be yourself like you are at home.
Your home... is too neat!
I have got the careful illness. Come in.
Teacher, what can I help you?
Turn on the laptop, please
Please help me type the test marks
I'm busy these days, I haven't done it yet.
But remember not to mistake this class in another class...
I will be dead then | Yes yes
Like... there are something on my face?
Ah, uh... Not at all
I got it
Quickly and then back to home
Fighting
Welcome to Amix Coffee, sir!
A middle size of "lack coffee", please
Do you wanna get traditional coffee or "get high" one?
Uh... the second type's also ok!
Welcome to Amix Coffee!
Oops... You are the one who stayed in the cinema with us?
You seem so familiar!
Seem like you are in music club, right?
Sorry, I'm late!
Dang!
Dang, what happened?
Or you don't like this shop? We can go to another!
I feel not really fine, I'm back first!
Dang!
It's also a chance for me to look at his body
Except some bad traits, he's still truly handsome
The body is too nice
You are willing to find it and leave me away?
Last time, I said that was to hold you here
I want you to be my Osin forever!
It's not finding out the ring
What do you mean?
I found out the ring when I realized I had falled in love with you
Intially, this ring was not yours,
But the destiny makes it be yours!
Do you wanna wear it again?
I thought you were a stra... | Whatever I am, it's not important!
The importance is...
I wanna be with you!
My god, my god!
I see you're very addicted by this!
You have read the BL novels, and now move to watch the movies!
Madam... do you know?
This "The lost ring" film is too nice!
How is nice you mean?
You always like that when you see a handsome boy?
You see, this main boy couple...
they are so cute, and truly handsome like our oppa Dang!
Hey!
You love BL is you bussiness!
Don't be bullshit like that, Dang has got a girlfriend already!
Rubbish!
Everyone think that they're straight until they find out a gentleman of their life!
You're always good at being bullshit!
Let's clean the kitchen hurry up and come back home!
Or you wanna be here til night?
Please let me ask you this
If Dang brother likes a boy, what will you think?
I ask for fun only, please don't mind at this!
Dang... If he likes a boy...
Or a girl
I will always accept all...
Because finally
Being parents, we all want our child to be happy!
As long as he feels happy
If only everyone could think like you, the life will very happy
It's too far from now, think about it later
And now go to clean the kitchen, then back to your home quickly
I have cooked sweet soup, take it to your home!
Thank you...